Aggregations section in GraphQL API documentation (#2810)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/cms/api/graphql.md

The table below lists all supported aggregation operators:

| Operator | Description | Supported field types |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `count` | Returns the number of documents that match the query. | All content-types |
| `avg` | Computes the arithmetic mean per numeric field. | Number, integer, decimal |
| `sum` | Computes the total per numeric field. | Number, integer, decimal |
| `min` | Returns the smallest value per field. | Number, integer, decimal, date, datetime |
| `max` | Returns the largest value per field. | Number, integer, decimal, date, datetime |
| `groupBy` | Buckets results by unique values and exposes nested aggregations for each bucket. | Scalar fields (string, number, boolean, date, datetime), relations |

:::note
Strapi ignores `null` values for `avg`, `sum`, `min`, and `max`. When aggregating relations, the operators run on the target documents and still respect their locales and permissions.
:::

:::info Performance & limits

> Aggregations operate server-side, so they are generally faster than downloading and processing large result sets on the client. However, complex `groupBy` trees and wide projections can still be expensive. Use filters to restrict the data set and consider enabling [query depth or amount limits](/cms/plugins/graphql#rate-limiting-and-query-depth) to protect your API. Errors such as `You are not allowed to perform this action` usually mean the requester lacks the `Read` permission on the target collection.

Reviewer: Oh, and I've just noticed this 👀 

Suggestion to replace the link by https://medium.com/@xuorig/a-guide-to-graphql-rate-limiting-security-e62a86ef8114 for a guide on rate limiting.

The `rate-limiting-and-query-depth` section does not exist in our docs 😅 causing the build to fail (broken anchor link)

And I'm not sure we have explicit rate limiting options in Strapi except for the admin panel authentication and the email feature, which are different topics and not applicable to GraphQL 🤓
 
```suggestion
Aggregations operate server-side, so they are generally faster than downloading and processing large result sets on the client. However, complex `groupBy` trees and wide projections can still be expensive. Use filters to restrict the data set and consider enabling [query depth or amount limits](https://medium.com/@xuorig/a-guide-to-graphql-rate-limiting-security-e62a86ef8114) to protect your API. Errors such as `You are not allowed to perform this action` usually mean the requester lacks the `Read` permission on the target collection.
```

> Aggregations operate server-side, so they are generally faster than downloading and processing large result sets on the client. However, complex `groupBy` trees and wide projections can still be expensive. Use filters to restrict the data set and consider setting up `depthLimit` and `amountLimit` values accordingly (see [#available-options](#available-options)) to protect your API. Errors such as `You are not allowed to perform this action` usually mean the requester lacks the `Read` permission on the target collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aggregations operate server-side, so they are generally faster than downloading and processing large result sets on the client. However, complex `groupBy` trees and wide projections can still be expensive. Use filters to restrict the data set and consider setting up `depthLimit` and `amountLimit` values accordingly (see [available options](/cms/plugins/graphql#available-options)) to protect your API. Errors such as `You are not allowed to perform this action` usually mean the requester lacks the `Read` permission on the target collection.
```
